replace --forward-port directions with --add-port in the port-forwarding page (#1105)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/tutorials/manage-the-rippled-server/configure-peering/forward-ports-for-peering.md

}
```

> To allow incoming connections, configure your firewall to forward the peer protocol port, which is served on **port 51235** in the default config file. The instructions to forward a port depend on your firewall. For example, if you use the `firewalld` software firewall on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, you can [use the `firewall-cmd` tool](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/security_guide/sec-using_zones_to_manage_incoming_traffic_depending_on_source) to open **port 51235** to all incoming traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow incoming connections, configure your firewall to allow incoming traffic on the peer protocol port, which is served on **port 51235** in the default config file. The instructions to open a port depend on your firewall. If your server is behind a router that performs Network Address Translation (NAT), you must configure your router to forward the port to your server.

If you use the `firewalld` software firewall on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, you can [use the `firewall-cmd` tool](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/security_guide/sec-using_zones_to_manage_incoming_traffic_depending_on_source) to open **port 51235** to all incoming traffic.
```

Author: Great suggestion!

Reviewer 2: How?

_Assuming `--zone=public` is your public [zone](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/security_guide/sec-working_with_zones#sec-Listing_Zones)._

```sh
$ sudo firewall-cmd --zone=public --add-source-port=51235/tcp
```

> It's a good idea to restart rippled to see it's effects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, restart the `rippled` server:
```

If you use the `firewalld` software firewall on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, you can [use the `firewall-cmd` tool](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/security_guide/sec-using_zones_to_manage_incoming_traffic_depending_on_source) to open **port 51235** to all incoming traffic.

_Assuming `--zone=public` is your public [zone](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/security_guide/sec-working_with_zones#sec-Listing_Zones)._

```sh
$ sudo firewall-cmd --zone=public --add-port=51235/tcp
```

Then, restart the `rippled` server:

```sh
$ sudo systemctl restart rippled.service
```

To make it permanent:

```sh
$ sudo firewall-cmd --zone=public --permanent --add-port=51235/tcp
```

For other software and hardware firewalls, see the manufacturer's official documentation.

> If your using a hosting provider includes a virtual firewall, you do not need to use `firewalld`, but will still need to allow the peer port, and ensure your host is attached. e.g., AWS Security Groups with a rule for the peer port open to the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a hosting service with a virtual firewall (for example, [AWS Security Groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html)), you do not need to use `firewalld`, but you still need to allow inbound traffic from the open internet on the peer port. Make sure you apply the relevant rules to your host or virtual machine.
```
